we are historic and promise a positive step forward for Catholics
Vietnamese since Christmas night there are several times they have
gathered by thousands in hanoï and in the former residence of the
apostolic nunciature that is precisely to demand the restitution of this
building among other property confiscated by the communist regime
a diet that as we are told by the father of Charente but Jesuits and
director of the journal studies closely monitors the community
catholic the Catholic schools movement are particularly
to verify and control costs the Vietnamese secret services
Eric 6th who goes to Mass those who here told the press these are
official priests of the clandestine princes so we still have time
the diet they preferred
so beyond Templars the protests did something
quite new how is it that no one deigns to extend us on these
manifestations when staying a surveillance regime of eon in co2
documents the phones always more adventurous
at the same time we will cost
this time it was not able to answer situation we know that we have doubts
who made themselves people the day before the mentor stakeholders and finally
which are real for example seminars as a whole towards a
goal being more and more great the seminarian
the parishes are recreated
ordination is possible and a new Jesuit province that has
been officially installed and they had last year been very big
demonstrations and several cardinals who was well bankrupt against the 3
December there are things he savored and as the cardinal of his life said
during winter
we will play it the door gently we push the door
like against the winter oror because you're curious about this network is
not to overthrow the regime and to get that other there is more freedom
for the worst
that the church can retrieve a number of 2 the building by
example he lived
the apostolic nunciature at beloeil a building in the hands of the government and
the big seminar of padang it is not big seminar quite symbolic
who federated various supports their time and eto'o sick the services
Vietnamese those who would like to recover but we can not too much
speak because countries at risk still to be know the
oversight
which all Catholic leaders sense
his other who are the object a